Hello to you again this maxim
master us put out after so much
months when my last video came out
but nothing just get under split I already
not new and releasing them becomes
stupid and pointless but still i'm trying
really trying to come up with some
fresh idea execute breaking the idea that
we are such that everyone enjoyed watching
but as long as long as is necessary to remove and letsplei
i want to play wolking dead
because it is coming soon
the second part of this game I didn't play
first as so I think it is better to go 1
that somehow understand the meaning of this game understand
plot
it is exactly the mechanics of the game, I still think
part will be very similar to the first and she
will be no worse all the more come out
sixth episode 400 days saving it
will go to arrange the issue of ocenden
and actually I want you
written in the comments
would you like to see my passage
with my options because I know what
the plot is nonlinear
for five episodes I don't know
How much will it be in the series ?
Thirty-five pieces so it will come out minutes
20 each 25 years old so approximately
write your comments would
to see or not because probably
half have already looked at somebody
channels so what do you want me to write though
even for 1 person but do not take off
it will be nice yet I appeared
small little idea
I will release the information of this month one video
Well, I think but they will be cool but about it
I will say nothing to the former and still forgot to say
we are exactly 500 thank you very much
that stay with me on the channel all this
good luck time